in any business innovator standout want
to come to high-performance boating
those who blazed the trail make the
sport better for all of us
Steve step the president of velocity
powerboats is one of those people
high-speed boating and racing have been
his passion for most of his life his
winning attitude and his commitment to
setting new records make his pleasure
boat customers the benefactors of his
experience Steve started racing OPC
boats in 1962 and before long was touted
as one of the best set up guys around in
the 70s he moves over into offshore
bring with a wealth of knowledge that he
needled the previous year but a
technology was advancing soweth faster
in the OPC boat so the horsepower we'll
have we were gettin from
the engine manufacturers like mercury we
had so much horsepower work with that we
headed to a lot of development on the
hull designs near that energizer that I
was just to be able to utilize the kind
of horsepower that we were been able to
get her hands off so when you did get
into the offshore game you started
building offshore boats you took the
standard era no Magnum style of hull and
then developed it from there
yeah I took the basic design that they
had which is about the only thing was
left with a 24° lead and worked with
that and just took that dead rise and
started changing the looking streaks
with the depth locations up and water
and waves and bounced all the same just
the offshore boat is bigger and in 1978
Steve rocked the offshore world by
taking the OPC style pad bottom and not
transom and applying it to his new
30-foot velocity the idea being that
larger boats with all the benefits from
running on top of the water rather than
be ruined
as we looked accidents over the years
we've definitely got our share of
national record world records no speed
records and I think that really put that
truth to the hull design and the
construction of what we do with offshore
racing is absolutely the most the best
form of the design and construction that
there's no equal these cousins really
stepped in this professional development
on the competitive off short circuit
heat flame flies when he's racing a CC
he prefers to be in the philosophy with
the velocities having the pad bottom
which is one of the few boats that has
it and it's really nice because it runs
fast in calm water it's also got a long
bottom so it makes it really nice and a
rough water and one of the things I find
really interesting is everyone's one of
these ventilate the bottom and they
cannot turn with a velocity which is
really important these days expect in
racing circuit getting so much shorter
courses a lot of turn we can always turn
inside of them you guys have to make
wide sweeping turns of locks come in
really tight to the fan turn the wheel
make a really nice racing is still in
your blood
you aren't racing currently but you are
working with a lot of teams yes
quit racing like three years ago or
getting into both one racing in
competition but I spent a lot of time
with the customers and show them drawing
divisions steering
out of turn how to handle the both
different strategies winning is very
important to you
Steve Stephan of course the company
around definitely there's only one one
place that's first place
and finally after testing weekly running
and winning under the ever-changing
conditions of the racecourse a lot of
Notables related campus leads to the
pleasure both partners
you know there are plenty of fast boats
around and lots of companies to build
them personally I wouldn't ride in one
that wasn't built and designed by
experienced people with a winning track
record
Steve Steph has proven himself and in
philosophy powered with time and time
again not only by winning championship
but by providing safe reliable and
exciting performance